# TinyWeb
# TinyWeb
Hello. Welcome to Tiny Web, the first blockchain based communcation network for families! Why do we exist? These days there is a demand for kids to have a phone and that is valid! Parents want to have communication and be able to track their child when they are out there in the world. Right now there are a couple of options. You have the Gabb phone and competitors which provide calling/texting/gps features, and they work great. If kids want to be able to communicate with their friends, share content, play games with their friends, then they have to get an andriod or iphone. When they do get a full fledged smart phone, the flood gates are open. In an instant, they can access any information on the entire web, and I am assuming that you wouldnt want that for your children without some safegaurds. Of course there are parental controls right? I have one simple example that demonstrates why those are insufficient. Imagine putting your child into a library with all of the worlds content, ripe for the picking. This library lets you access any information that anyone else has put on the internet, uncurated, and unfiltered. Not only is it uncurated, but there are algorithms behind this content that are trying to cause addictive behaviour. The current parental locks put metaphorical locks on certain books to make sure that they dont read them, but what happens of they miss a book? What happens if new books are introduced to the library? Like they are every day? See the problem? Now imagine an empty library, put your child in with with a few books, that you approve. This mirrors an older simpler time, when content could be controled and it was not controlling us. And it is the solution.

I propose a blockchain based, decentralized, application that runs on nodes within the parents households. This "backend" application will be paired with devices for children and apps for parents. This network will allow parents to communicate with their children track gps as the Gabb phone does, but it will also allow families to join eachothers network with the right permissions. This will allow, for the first time, kids to interact with trusted members of the community in a safe and secure way. They will be able to message, play games, etc. Not only that, this will provide a platform for parents to communicate with eachother to set up events, activities, and play dates. Each network will be completely private, encrypted, and free from any intervention since the networks are hosted at home!

This is what I am trying to build. Please help if you can! I am working on the underlying blockchain right now. The Blockchain is using a pBFT algorithm with merkle trees for quick validation. Content will be delivered via IPFS. Please view diagram for the entire overview.
